boy greetings
today we are going to talk about a subject
which left yesterday, March 27, 2013 and
that until then I have
this news as a sign of one of the most
important so far in oil 2014
and I'm going to put our trail here
so we can start
to matter then it's that personal let's go there
in the late afternoon of March 27 to
dafra made the official announcement and closed
partnership with the Austrian premium brand
called ktm the very reputed brand
world and dafra made the announcement
informing you that you have a
agreement reached with the company that will
pass to import and assemble models
here in the Brazilian market doing
also the representation
the only doubt with regard to
representation here not knowing well
the rate will open dealerships
specific to ktm that in brazil or
it simply introduces the
branded models in their
dealerships will already be in the
the agreement has already been signed both marks
already have all the processes
administrative procedures in progress and
promises that this year will be
introducing the first models of ktm
here in the brazilian market
dafra initially intends to bring the
off-road models in the domestic market
undoubtedly also very good taking into account
view that our market is suffering
with the lack of these deaths that ktm is
a brand that has been recognized and
reference in the motorcycle market
until the end of 2014
the date promises is showing there the
first off-road models of ktm that
national market and in addition to the
and 2015 will be announcing there
the entire ktm line of products that the
brazilian market
good because it prevents that ktm also has
different urban models there that call
enough attention we have there the family
duke such as the 200 and the duke
390 cranks are a bonus modes one
sports style that are considered as
dream of consumption and then a lot of people to
dafra also promises in 2015 is
presenting these models in our
Marketplace
without a doubt that this is a
very important information that our
Brazilian market in an interview that will
there is a significant improvement in
competition since the products which
shall be deemed to be
lived award
Let's hope there is a good
implementation of logistics and price
products so that the Brazilian really
can have good quality products with
accessible to everyone at my point of
personal view
this action still gives for nothing more is
that a response in reaction to bramont
will represent here and benelli
here in the Brazilian market and they
announced today that they intend to
quickly reach third place
in the national market and how do we know
current third-party market
The national dafra is then more than
expected that they actually have this
posture and more aggressive to
consolidate in position also gain more
market then certainly the sensation is of
close partnership with ktm is already a
reply to the bravos that will represent the
eike that benelli undoubtedly more
It's time we win.
since we will have more products
more quality options
competitive we expect to
sure all this is very welcome
So that's it folks let's hope that
my models in ktm start to emerge
concessionaires given at the front by the
brazil was even announces
what will be your posture if she
really will open a market
specific to the ktm bikes that today
will only introduce the models in the
dealers already scattered throughout the
Brazil
personal beauty I hope you have
tanned our stuff do not forget
of those already indisputable
in the video you are not yet part of
click on the button
sign up now and continue to do
part of this community group and is
fully focused on bringing the news
world information and the wheels is not
that's personal
thank you appreciate the attention stay
feel free to leave your
suggestions and physical comments with
relation to our work and that's
folks
thank you very much, thanks